hey guys its core here and today we are
going to be talking about the iphone 5
and what i think is going to be on it so
let's start off with saying that i think
it's going to be a verizon iphone if the
verizon iphones get released by the end
of this year or early 2011 then iphone 5
will definitely be a verizon iphone i
also think it'll be a little bit thinner
and I don't think that they're going to
have a new total look to this new device
the iphone 5 i think it will be an
evolutionary device not a revolutionary
device which means that they'll change a
few things but it won't be like the
iphone 3gs to the iphone 4 um i also
think it's going to have 32 to n 64
gigabyte memory slightly larger screen
and a slightly faster device it's also
going to have probably a redesign flash
and a better camera on the front and
probably the back and we might see a
change of materials you know how they
have the glass front in the glass back
reports are saying that the slider cases
are cracking screens they're leaving
little cracks in it and then as the time
goes on the heat it shatters the glass
like a windshield in a car and apples
reporting that they're studying what's
happening with those iphones and they'll
get that problem fixed pretty soon and i
think that this new version will include
a new redesign HDR if it doesn't come up
in an update before the iphone 5 and we
might also see the field communications
near for you near field communications
which turns your iphone into a wallet
and people are talking about having the
iphone as your wallet like you don't
have to take out your credit card or
your debit card you can just do all your
transactions from your iphone and i
think that's pretty cool but people can
hack things so i'm not sure how that
would work people might be able to get
into your information that wouldn't be
good that would be a huge problem for
Apple and also apple has released a few
patents that said that they're working
on getting rid of all the buttons on
your device and they could do this by
adding a touch screen around the side
of your device like at the top here by
the speaker and the bottom down there
and they could add like volume buttons
without having to put on these actual
metal volume buttons so that's all I
think that they're going to do for the
iphone 5 thank you for watching and
check out my other videos I'm getting a
new camera soon so my video quality will
be much better which is a plus and also
getting a new microphone I use G trap
right now and pretty soon I will be
using the Yeti so I'll have reviews on
that stuff so check that out whenever I
get that up and thank you for watching
see you later bye